Update install-kubeadm.md (SELinux note) (#20503)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/install-kubeadm.md

systemctl enable --now kubelet
```

  **Notes:**

  - Setting SELinux in permissive mode by running `setenforce 0` and `sed ...` effectively disables it.
    This is required to allow containers to access the host filesystem, which is needed by pod networks for example.

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer: @jfcgaspar ,
Can you clean up the extra text from the _rebase_? Thanks!

Author: @kbhawkey ,

Thanks for pointing it out, I think I removed it all.

systemctl enable --now kubelet
```

  **Notes:**

  - Setting SELinux in permissive mode by running `setenforce 0` and `sed ...` effectively disables it.
    This is required to allow containers to access the host filesystem, which is needed by pod networks for example.

>   - Advanced users experienced in SELinux configuration may be able to keep SELinux enabled/enforcing but beware that it may require changes that are not covered by kubeadm support.

Reviewer 2: Adjusting to [style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#content-best-practices):
```suggestion
  - You can leave SELinux enabled if you know how to configure it but it may require settings that are not supported by kubeadm.
```
